# 3dprints
A dirt simple website for tracking 3d printing jobs, analyzing spool consumption and whatever I think of next.

<h2>3d Prints</h2> - updated March 7 2025

<h3>Purpose</h3>
The purpose of this website was just a fun little project to keep track of all the things I wanted to print. I bought a good 3d printer (not the creality ender) at Christmas time.  Since then, I've had a ton of ideas, from things to imrpove the 3d printing process, like parts, and ecnlosure pieces, to fun stuff, tools, and parts for my project cars.  I was overwhelmed with what I could do.  The complexity of designing parts (I didn't try 3d design until I got this printer) and I needed a way to offload the mental overhead, presented an opportunity.  This is not to demonstrate any new technology or anything like that, but just because I was bored one weekend.

This website is composed of 4 pages at this time.  The first one has the list of active jobs I plan on doing.  I will make a routine to upload photos so you can visually see that the project is for.  The second page, as the jobs that have been completed.  You can copy the old jobs into new active ones or revive the old nes if there is something not completed.  The third page has the list filaments that have been ordered and general history of spools used.  The last page has the orders page.  I have noticed, that Amazon has wildly varying shipping schedules.  Sometimes it is next day, sometimes it is next month.  So I started looking for other vendors.  There is a chart to compare shipping times and it is loosely based on a box chart where the lower 25% and upper 25% are discarded.  I need to update this so all the charts for the various vendors are compared side by side instead of being adjusted to their particular outliers.

Things to do.
1.  Make active prints page have a frozen header and keep the scrolling to within a page instead of scrolling past all the other information.
2.  Make the table redraw when a comment is added on the first page.
3.  Make completed prints also have frozen headers.
4.  On spool history page, that table also needs frozen headers.
5.  Make the graphs on the orders page (4)use the same longest shipping time used through, instead of being based on vendor.
6.  Make the orders table also have frozen headers.
7.  Make a chart that shows spool orders by month to help with trend analysis.
8.  Make photos for the builds.
